# How To Hand In

During this semester we will have different kinds of assignments meant to aid in understanding, test your skills, and prepare you for the later examinations.

## Format of Submissions

Depending on the format of the assignment, you may be asked to produce different types of artifacts to accomplish the given problem set, sometimes multiple different kinds in a single set. 

Some of the most common type of problems in the HWs will be, along with the general guidelines of how they should be presented:

- **Coding Problems** - Problems that require the generation of source code that meets all requirements of the HW specification
	- Hand this in as the source code files with the intended programming language file extension
	- Unless told specifically, DO NOT include executables or binaries made for YOUR system. Only hand in source code
- **Written Problems** - These will have you generating natural language responses for a given prompt, length varying and specified in each problem
	- These can be handed in the following file types:
		- .txt, .md, .pdf, .docx
	- If you intend to hand-write answers, you may, however write legibly and scan your answers in one of the following types
		- .pdf, .png, .jpg
- **Drawing Problems** - At times I will ask for images to be generated by you as assignments, these can be completed by hand, on tablets, or using some drawing software
	- Hand these in similarly to the above, in fact at times written and drawing problems may be in a single section

## Organization of Files

Many assignments will contain multiple parts or sections in each, requiring the creation of multiple files in the same and different file types. To keep everything organized with how I am expecting the submissions we will be following the structure below:

- Each completed homework should be submitted as a single .zip file that contains:
	- A folder for each section of homework containing:
		- All generated files from that section in appropriate file types as listed above

For example, if there was the following homework:

- Homework 0: Fake Homework
	- Section 1: Do some code
		- Code 1
		- Code 2
	- Section 2: Do some writing
		- Questions
	- Section 3: Do some drawing
		- Questions

The file structure should look like this:
```
CS240-HW0-LastNamezip
├── Section1/
│   ├── code1.c
│   └── code2.c
├── Section2/
│   └── answers.txt
└── Section3/
    └── drawings.png
```

If you noticed, I also have an intended naming scheme. Name the overall .zip submission in the form "CS240-HW{HW number}-{Student Last Name}.zip". Each section and file will be specified individually for each assignment, be sure to pay attention to it.

## Where to hand in

While the course material and the homework problems are posted here, on this website, all submissions of assignments will be done on the SUNY Poly's Brightspace system. This will also be where all of your grades for assignments and quizzes will be located. This is to ensure grades are in a single place as well as utilize Brightspace's submission system.

I will show this off in class and generate images of the process at a later date, however most if not all other courses at SUNY Poly use Brightspace, so I am sure you are acquainted  with it. 




